feat(rosinstall_noetic_core20): add example (#4)
ubuntu-robotics/ros-snaps-examples: rosinstall_noetic_core20/README.md

# snapped_ros1_rosinstall
ROS (Noetic) package, packed as a snap

> The source of this package are listed in a `.rosinstall` file. By the mean of the tool `vcs` we show how to leverage `.rosinstall` to retrieve source when building a snap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source of this package are listed in a `.rosinstall` file. By the mean of [`vcstools`](https://github.com/dirk-thomas/vcstool) we show how to leverage `.rosinstall` to retrieve source when building a snap.
```
